The Falling Rain of Blessings A Brief Daily Practice of the Wealth Deity White Jambhala by Trulshik Adeu Rinpoche

Homage to Padmākara, embodiment of all sources of refuge!
Here I shall write a sādhana for Orgyen Khandro Norlha, through whom one may dispel poverty among all impure beings and accomplish all supreme and common siddhis. May the gurus, chosen deities and ḍākinīs grant their permission.
Remain in an isolated place, seated comfortably, and recite the vowels and consonants, hundred-syllable mantra and essence of dependent origination three times. Then, having blessed your speech, recite the following while remaining undistracted:
namo Namo!
In the guru Padmākara, Avalokiteśvara,
And the Three Jewels, I take refuge.
I generate the wish that all sentient beings,
My past mothers as infinite as space, may attain Buddhahood.

With my mind unaltered, in a state of emptiness,
As the unceasing expression of clear empty awareness,
I appear as Ārya Jambhala,
Brilliant white, holding a staff in the right hand
And a jewel-spouting mongoose in the left,
While cradling a three-pronged khaṭvāṅga.
He is adorned with jewel ornaments
And sits on lotus and moon-disc seat,
Powerfully atop a turquoise dragon.
He is surrounded by a retinue of four classes of ḍākinī,
Each with their own implements and adornments.
At his crown are Amitābha and Avalokiteśvara,
And the five classes of victorious ones and long-life deities.
They all appear while lacking true reality,
Amidst an expanse of clear, empty rainbow light.
At Jambhala’s heart upon a lunar disc
Is the vital syllable and mantra garland,
From which light radiates, offering to the victorious ones and collecting their blessings.
Beings’ obscurations are purified, their longevity and merit increased.
As the gathering of all siddhis dissolves into me,
A rain of blessings and accomplishment descends.
ḍākinī harinisa—the wealth, longevity, merit, glory, prosperity, fame and influence of the three
Recite this, then settle in the expanse of primordial purity beyond reference. Dedicate the
virtue and recite prayers of aspiration.

For my student and patron Orgyen Asura, this was written in the retreat house of the great adept Tsoknyi, at Druk Dongak Shedrup Ling, Rigdzin Chögyal Dorje’s centre for the essential teachings of the glorious Drukpa. Sarva maṅgalam.